# Reflection Fatigue

Reflection—whether through 17.7k pulses on Twitter, six years of daily journal entries, two years of weekly email checkins, or four years of monthly(-ish) posts at [_Distillations_](https://jasdev.me)—has been an unbroken mirror in my life.

And those are the deliberate forms. A seemingly-agreed-upon, yet-never-explicitly-stated law of product development is “a product either shuts down or lives long enough to add a ‘Here’s what you did [_n - 1_ years ago](https://jasdev.me/nostalgia)’ feature.” Constantly being reminded of our timestamped selves embedded in the services we use is almost expected.

This isn’t to wax poetic (the wax already melted if we’re being honest, and we are)—I’m tired of seeing my reflection in a digital house of mirrors.

I admitted this when considering therapy, again. I regularly saw a therapist back when I moved—read crash landed, emotionally—to New York in 2015. It got me out of that rut and into the parts of my life I cherish today. Yet, the _cadence_ with which I introspect either deliberately—with journaling, checkins, essays, and tweets—or inadvertently—with `Photos.app`’s “One Year Ago” Quick Action or the ghost of my “better” self on Peloton’s leaderboard—makes me hesitant to add _another_ metaphorical mirror. If it’s possible to be too introspective…yep.

I’ve never questioned the notion of creating “better” versions of our selves through reflection. It’s hidden in plain sight on my About page:

> I’m an engineer and writer in New York. Outside of Distillations, I spend my time cycling, listening to dance music, and building products that help us build better versions of ourselves.

These days, I’m starting to wonder if reflection, in excess, shifts focus to the carbon copies of my self created by it, versus my actual, carbon self.

More generally, the copy on the platforms we use don’t help. Posts are underscored with “_X_ days ago” timestamps to encourage maintaining a sort of external pulse. Not posting seems to imply a lack of presence, which might point at a flaw in the mechanics governing today’s services. Are we posting—and reflecting—to be “seen” in digital space, even though we’re present in meatspace?


- or a lagging approximation through ad targeting

This isn’t to disavow reflection. It serves a purpose. 

It’s Okay to start a weekly newsletter only to realize, later, monthly, or later later, whenever you can, works better. Put another way,

The cadence of reflection—isn’t well defined.

And that’s probably for the best. Fingers crossed my future self remembers that.

■

---

[^1]: The odd part? Engineering forgot the second half of the athletics metaphor: regimented rest periods.

[^2]: Chris Cox, who played an instrumental part in building Facebook’s News Feed, [recently left the company](https://www.nytimes.com/2019/03/14/technology/facebook-chris-cox.html).

## Related Reading

⇒ [_Seasons_](https://austinkleon.com/2016/08/11/seasons/).

⇒ [_“Students as Creators” and the Theology of the Attention Economy_](https://hapgood.us/2017/09/05/students-as-creators-and-the-capitalist-impulse/).

⇒ “[[I]n conclusion, we need a social media platform that lets you sit next to someone on a bench in the park [and] feed some goddamn birds.](https://twitter.com/maxkreminski/status/1030838962191982592)”